Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we are going to use our converter to convert our model for a mobile device let us do that.
We are going to define a variable called TAF light underscore model and we are going to set it to our
converter which is the object defined in the previous video and called convert function on it.
This function doesn't take any arguments so it can simply execute a cell by calling this function our
converter is going to take the model and convert it to tens flow light version of the model.
You can see that we defined the model and the converter and done the conversion to tons of low light
in a single line of code.
That was pretty exciting and very easy to do.
This was a short and sweet video just for demonstration purposes on how to convert any model to tens
of low light version of it.
If you have any questions or comments so far please buzz them in the comments section.
Otherwise see in the next tutorial.